Taxi Cash DApp

Overview
Taxi Cash is a decentralized application (DApp) that allows users to send payments using their cryptocurrency wallets. Users can connect their wallets through the Trust Wallet DApp browser, making transactions seamless and efficient.

Features
Connect to various wallets (MetaMask, Trust Wallet, Celo Wallet, etc.).
Send payments directly to recipient addresses.
Generate and scan QR codes for easy transactions.
View service fee information.
How to Use
Open Trust Wallet:

Launch the Trust Wallet app on your mobile device.
Navigate to the DApp Browser:

Tap on the "DApps" icon in the main menu.
Access Taxi Cash DApp:

Enter the following URL in the DApp browser: taxi-cash-dapp.vercel.app
This will open the Taxi Cash DApp in Trust Wallet.
Connect Your Wallet:

Click on the "Connect Wallet" button to link your Trust Wallet account.
Follow the prompts to approve the connection.
Send Payments:

Enter the recipient's address and the amount you wish to send.
Click "Send Payment" to complete the transaction.
Generate QR Code:

Use the "Generate QR Code" button to create a scannable QR code for your payment details.
Scan QR Code:

If you are receiving payments, you can scan a QR code generated by another user to complete the transaction quickly.
Installation
To run the project locally, clone the repository and install the dependencies:

bash
Copy code
git clone git@github.com:oni1997/taxi-cash-dapp.git
cd taxi-cash-dapp
npm install
Then, start the development server:

bash
Copy code
npm start
Technologies Used
React
Ethereum (Ethers.js)
Material-UI
QR Code generation and scanning
Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.